!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.9~svn20110310	//
ADDRESS_PREFIX_NULL	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	static public int ADDRESS_PREFIX_NULL = -1;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
API_ERROR	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public static final int API_ERROR = -3;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
API_ERROR	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public static final int API_ERROR = -3;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
API_URL	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	private static final String API_URL = "https:\/\/shapeshift.io\/";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm	file:
AsyncHttpClient	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^public class AsyncHttpClient {$/;"	c	language:Java
AsyncHttpClient	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^public class AsyncHttpClient {$/;"	c	language:Java
CONNECTION_ERROR	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public static final int CONNECTION_ERROR = -1;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
CONNECTION_ERROR	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public static final int CONNECTION_ERROR = -1;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
CONTENT_TYPE	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	private static final String CONTENT_TYPE = "application\/json";$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm	file:
Callbacks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public static abstract class Callbacks {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
FORMAT5	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	private static MonetaryFormat FORMAT5 = new MonetaryFormat().shift(0).minDecimals(2).repeatOptionalDecimals(1, 3).noCode();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin	file:
FORMAT6	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	private static MonetaryFormat FORMAT6 = new MonetaryFormat().shift(0).minDecimals(2).repeatOptionalDecimals(1, 4).noCode();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin	file:
FORMAT8	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	private static MonetaryFormat FORMAT8 = new MonetaryFormat().shift(0).minDecimals(2).repeatOptionalDecimals(1, 6).noCode();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin	file:
HttpResponseCallbacks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public interface HttpResponseCallbacks {$/;"	i	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
HttpResponseCallbacks	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public interface HttpResponseCallbacks {$/;"	i	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
PARSE_ERROR	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public static final int PARSE_ERROR = -2;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
PARSE_ERROR	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public static final int PARSE_ERROR = -2;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
ResponseCallback	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	private abstract class ResponseCallback implements AsyncHttpClient.HttpResponseCallbacks {$/;"	c	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm
ShapeShift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShift.java	/^	private ShapeShift() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShift	file:
ShapeShift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShift.java	/^public class ShapeShift {$/;"	c	language:Java
ShapeShiftCoin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public ShapeShiftCoin(String name, String uriPrefix, String coinCode, int exponent, int addressHeader, int p2shHeader) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
ShapeShiftCoin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^public class ShapeShiftCoin extends NetworkParameters {$/;"	c	language:Java
ShapeShiftComm	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^public class ShapeShiftComm extends ShapeShiftInterface {$/;"	c	language:Java
ShapeShiftInterface	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^public abstract class ShapeShiftInterface {$/;"	c	language:Java
ShapeShiftMonetary	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public ShapeShiftMonetary(Coin coin, Coin rate, int smallestUnitExponent) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
ShapeShiftMonetary	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public ShapeShiftMonetary(Coin coin, ShapeShiftMonetary rate, int smallestUnitExponent) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
ShapeShiftMonetary	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public ShapeShiftMonetary(long value, int smallestUnitExponent) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
ShapeShiftMonetary	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^public class ShapeShiftMonetary implements Monetary {$/;"	c	language:Java
addAllCoins	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShift.java	/^	public static void addAllCoins() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShift
addCoin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShift.java	/^	public static void addCoin(ShapeShiftCoin coin) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShift
cancelPending	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	public void cancelPending(Address depositAddr) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm
cancelPending	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public abstract void cancelPending(Address depositAddr);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
cancelPendingResponse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^		public void cancelPendingResponse() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface.Callbacks
cbks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public Callbacks cbks = null;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
checkError	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	private boolean checkError(JSONObject json) throws JSONException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm	file:
client	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	private static final AsyncHttpClient client = new AsyncHttpClient();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm	file:
coinCode	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public final String coinCode;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShift.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift;$/;"	p	language:Java
com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^package com.matthewmitchell.nubitsj.shapeshift;$/;"	p	language:Java
convertedToCoin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	private Coin convertedToCoin(BigInteger converted) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary	file:
executor	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public static final ExecutorService executor = Executors.newSingleThreadExecutor();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
executor	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public static final ExecutorService executor = Executors.newSingleThreadExecutor();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
exponent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public final int exponent;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
format	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public transient MonetaryFormat format;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
get	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public void get(String url, HttpResponseCallbacks cbks) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
get	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public void get(String url, HttpResponseCallbacks cbks) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
getBigIntegerOne	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	private BigInteger getBigIntegerOne() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary	file:
getCoin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShift.java	/^	public static ShapeShiftCoin getCoin(String uriPrefix) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShift
getPaymentProtocolId	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public String getPaymentProtocolId() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
getValue	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public long getValue() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
isShapeShift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public boolean isShapeShift() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
limit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	public void limit(ShapeShiftCoin destCoin) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm
limit	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public abstract void limit(ShapeShiftCoin destCoin);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
limitResponse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^		public void limitResponse(Coin max, Coin min) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface.Callbacks
marketInfo	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	public void marketInfo(final ShapeShiftCoin destCoin) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm
marketInfo	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public abstract void marketInfo(ShapeShiftCoin destCoin);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
marketInfoResponse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^		public void marketInfoResponse(ShapeShiftMonetary rate, ShapeShiftMonetary fee, Coin max, Coin min) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface.Callbacks
name	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public final String name;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
networkError	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^        public abstract void networkError(int networkCode, String text);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface.Callbacks
onFailure	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^		public void onFailure(int responseCode, String error);$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:AsyncHttpClient.HttpResponseCallbacks
onFailure	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^		public void onFailure(int responseCode, String error) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm.ResponseCallback
onFailure	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^		public void onFailure(int responseCode, String error);$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:AsyncHttpClient.HttpResponseCallbacks
onSuccess	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^		public void onSuccess(String response);$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:AsyncHttpClient.HttpResponseCallbacks
onSuccess	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^		public void onSuccess(String response);$/;"	m	language:Java	interface:AsyncHttpClient.HttpResponseCallbacks
parseCoin	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public ShapeShiftMonetary parseCoin(String str) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
parseCoinInexact	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public ShapeShiftMonetary parseCoinInexact(String str) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
plainFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	private transient MonetaryFormat plainFormat;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary	file:
post	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public void post(final String url, final String postData, final String contentType, final HttpResponseCallbacks cbks) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
post	/home/matt/Programming/BitcoinExtraWallet/bitcoinj_extra/core/src/main/java/org/bitcoinj/shapeshift/AsyncHttpClient.java	/^	public void post(final String url, final String postData, final String contentType, final HttpResponseCallbacks cbks) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:AsyncHttpClient
rate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	public void rate(ShapeShiftCoin destCoin) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm
rate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public abstract void rate(ShapeShiftCoin destCoin);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
rateResponse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^		public void rateResponse(Coin rate) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface.Callbacks
readObject	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	private void readObject(ObjectInputStream in) throws IOException, ClassNotFoundException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin	file:
readObject	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	private void readObject(ObjectInputStream in) throws IOException, ClassNotFoundException {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary	file:
sendAmount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	public void sendAmount(final ShapeShiftCoin destCoin, Address destAddr, ShapeShiftMonetary amount, Address refund) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm
sendAmount	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public abstract void sendAmount(ShapeShiftCoin destCoin, Address destAddr, ShapeShiftMonetary amount, Address refund);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
sendAmountResponse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^		public void sendAmountResponse(Address deposit, Coin amount, long expiry, Coin rate) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface.Callbacks
setCallbacks	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public void setCallbacks(Callbacks cbks) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
setFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	private void setFormat() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin	file:
setFormat	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	private void setFormat() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary	file:
shift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftComm.java	/^	public void shift(ShapeShiftCoin destCoin, Address destAddr, Address refund) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftComm
shift	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public abstract void shift(ShapeShiftCoin destCoin, Address destAddr, Address refund);$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
shiftResponse	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^		public void shiftResponse(Address deposit) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface.Callbacks
shouldStop	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	private boolean shouldStop = false;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface	file:
shouldStop	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public boolean shouldStop() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
signum	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public int signum() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
smallestUnitExponent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	private final int smallestUnitExponent;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary	file:
smallestUnitExponent	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public int smallestUnitExponent() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
stop	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftInterface.java	/^	public void stop() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftInterface
subEqual	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public void subEqual(ShapeShiftMonetary operand) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
toBigInteger	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	private BigInteger toBigInteger() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary	file:
toCoinRate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public Coin toCoinRate() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
toCoinUsingRate	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public Coin toCoinUsingRate(Coin rate) {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
toPlainString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	public String toPlainString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary
toString	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftCoin.java	/^	public String toString() {$/;"	m	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftCoin
uriToCoins	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShift.java	/^	private static final Map<String, ShapeShiftCoin> uriToCoins = new HashMap<String, ShapeShiftCoin>();$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShift	file:
value	/home/matt/Programming/ADT/workspace/nubitsj/core/src/main/java/com/matthewmitchell/nubitsj/shapeshift/ShapeShiftMonetary.java	/^	private long value;$/;"	f	language:Java	class:ShapeShiftMonetary	file:
